or clarity.
For clarity, let's outline our goals for
the project.
For accuracy, please double -check the
figures before submission.
As mentioned before, we need to
prioritize our resources, that is, the
project is on hold, that is, we cannot
proceed until further notice.
In detail, I will explain the procedure
in detail during the meeting.
To go into detail, the project involves
several phases.
To finish up, let's review what we've discussed.
Wrapping it up, we've made significant
progress today.
In conclusion, we should implement the
proposed changes.
As a final thought, let's remember the
importance of teamwork.
In closing, thank you all for your contributions.
As a final point, we need to ensure all
team members are informed.
Summing up, our efforts have led to
remarkable improvements.
All things considered, it has been a
successful year.
To draw to a close, I want to thank
everyone for their hard work.
To finalize, we need to finalize the
plans by the end of the week.
In opposition, in opposition to the
proposed changes, several community
members voiced their concerns.
Contrary to this, contrary to this
belief, research shows otherwise.
Standing against, standing against the
tide of popular opinion, she voiced her concerns.
Notwithstanding, notwithstanding the
challenges, we achieved our goals.
While, while the project is ambitious, it
is achievable.
Even still, even still, we must remain
cautious about our approach.
With respect to this, with respect to
this issue, we need to conduct further analysis.
As opposed to, as opposed to traditional
methods, we are adopting a new approach.
Other than, other than the delay, the
project is on track.
While it may be, while it may be
difficult, we must strive for excellence.
Disagreeing with, disagreeing with the
majority, he presented an alternative perspective.
Despite being, despite being new to the
team, she quickly adapted.
Objecting to, objecting to the proposal,
the committee raised several concerns.
On another note, on another note, I would
like to discuss our upcoming events.
By contrast, by contrast, last year's
results were significantly lower.
With an opposing view, with an opposing
view, he argued against the majority opinion.
Going against, going against the trend,
she chose to pursue her own path.
Diverging from, diverging from the
original plan, they found a more
effective solution.
Unlike, unlike her peers, she prefers to
work independently.
In defiance of, in defiance of the
warnings, they continued their expedition.
Only if, we will proceed only if we
receive the necessary approvals.
As long as, as long as we work together,
we can achieve our goals.
To the extent that, to the extent that
resources allow, we will expand our services.
Provided that, we will proceed with the
project, provided that funding is secured.
Restricted to, the offer is restricted to
members only.
Insofar as, insofar as we can determine,
the results are promising.
In part, the success is due in part to
the team's dedication.
To a limited degree, the changes have
improved efficiency to a limited degree.
So far as, so far as I know, the meeting
is still scheduled for tomorrow.
Within bounds.
The discussion remained within bounds and
was productive.
Merely.
She was merely suggesting an alternative approach.
Solely.
The project was funded solely by donations.
Up to a point.
I agree with you up to a point, but I
have some reservations.
With certain limitations.
The proposal can be implemented with
certain limitations.
Conditioned by.
The outcome is conditioned by various
external factors.
Dependent on.
Success is dependent on the team's performance.
In the event of.
In the event of an emergency, follow the
evacuation plan.
Pending.
The decision is pending approval from the board.
Under conditions.
The experiment will be conducted under
controlled conditions.
Restricted by.
The program is restricted by budgetary constraints.
Surprisingly.
Surprisingly, the team exceeded their
sales targets this quarter.
Astonishingly.
Astonishingly, the results showed a 50 %
increase in productivity.
Shockingly.
Shockingly, the company reported its
first loss in five years.
To my dismay.
To my dismay, I found out that the event
had been cancelled.
Much to my surprise.
Much to my surprise, the quiet student
delivered an impressive presentation.
Out of the blue.
Out of the blue, she received a job offer
from a prestigious firm.
To my amazement.
To my amazement, the simple solution
resolved the complex issue.
Unexpectedly.
Unexpectedly, the weather changed,
forcing us to cancel our plans.
Incredibly.
Incredibly, they completed the project
ahead of schedule.
Much to my frustration.
Much to my frustration, the software
still had several bugs.
In fact.
In fact, studies show that regular
exercise improves mental health.
As a matter of fact.
As a matter of fact, I have been working
on this project for over a year.
Indeed.
Indeed, many experts agree on the
importance of early education.
To be precise, the deadline is next
Friday at 5pm.
In particular, I enjoy outdoor
activities, in particular hiking and cycling.
Not to mention, the new policy will
reduce costs, not to mention improve
employee satisfaction.
Incidentally.
Incidentally, I ran into our old neighbor yesterday.
Above all.
Above all, we must prioritize the safety
of our employees.
Worth mentioning.
It's worth mentioning that we achieved
our goals ahead of time.
Notably.
Notably, the research highlights the
importance of diversity in the workplace.
It's essential to add.
It's essential to add that teamwork plays
a crucial role in our success.
As highlighted.
As highlighted in the report, customer
feedback is invaluable.
Most importantly.
Most importantly, we must adhere to
safety regulations.
In terms of.
In terms of performance, this quarter has
been our best yet.
Shifting focus.
Shifting focus to customer needs is
essential for our growth.
Speaking of.
Speaking of the budget, we need to
discuss potential cuts.
From my perspective.
From my perspective, the results speak
for themselves.
If you ask me.
If you ask me, we should invest more in training.
The way I see it.
The way I see it, collaboration is key to success.
To my mind.
To my mind, we have all the tools we need
to succeed.
As far as I'm concerned.
As far as I'm concerned, the discussion
is far from over.